[16.0] [ADD] multisearch_field (#967)
OCA/server-ux: multisearch_field/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module allows mulit_searching for all search.
For that, it add code before the search function.

> It will allows you to search for multi_value separate by the character that you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will allow you to search for multiple values ​​separated by the character you
```

> have configure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have configured.
```
